# App Submission Interface for the Qualtrics App Registry Partner Portal

**Background -**
	The Qualtrics XM platform is introducing an application registry for both internal and external development.  Qualtrics partners and employees will be able to create application plugins with customized functionality and submit them to the Qualtrics platform where they will be retained for future use by both the creator and others.  As of July 2019, the registry can accept submissions generated by a command line interface (CLI) for apps based on an Qualtrics app creation SDK.  Development of these three projects is nearing completion and the first Qualtrics partners are set to begin using the platform by August 2019.

**Project Scope -**
	This project will flesh-out one of the first features of the partner portal - app submission.  Until now, application submission has been done strictly internally by way of the CLI but before broad deployment of the service to partners is made avaialable the same functionality needs to be available throught he partner portal.   Qualtrics has lots of experience in the development of portals and much of the core framework and GUI elements can be adapted from previous projects.  The portal will need to faciliate every step along the app submission pipeline including: downloading the CLI, recieving an app for validation ,informing users of their progress, and finally accepting the app into the registry.

**Mentor -**
	Jeff Barlow (https://www.linkedin.com/in/barlowjeff/)

**Project Milestones -**\
	Faciliate partners downloading the CLI for app design\
	Facilitate app submission through Partner Portal\
	Retrieve app status (post-submission) and display milestones during validation\
	&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*Will require update SDK to allow unauthorized apps to be pulled*\
	Notify (probably e-mail) creaters when an app either fails or passes validation\
	Maintain Qualtrics standards for E2E and unit testing\
	Host Documentation for Portal Usage

**Stretch Milestones -**\
	Create app skeleton/name/credentials in portal (instead of CLI)\
	Authorization/Authenication of Users\
	&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*Based in part on whether partner registration is complete by the time of capstone completion*

**Tools to be Used -**\
	Visual Studio Code\
	Javascript, HTML, CSS\
	Git (Gitlab)\
	Docker\
	Jenkins\
	Rundeck\
	Grafana\
  	And I’m sure many more
